Publish Box Model part one tutorial (#3097)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/learn/the-box-model-part-one.mdx

import { Box, Image } from 'grommet';

> In this tutorial you will:

Reviewer: In `How to add search and filter to DataTable with Data` we start off with Prerequisites should we do the same here and take out the "In this tutorial you will:"?

Reviewer: I also like the idea of having the "In this tutorial, you will" that lets users know if they are on the correct page and if they want to move forward in the page so I do see the value. Maybe we can add it to the "How to add search and filter to DataTable with Data" page as well.

Author: Resolving this for now, we can decide on future "how-to guides" how we might want to refine.

> In this tutorial you will:
> 
> - Leverage various Box properties to build a hero section for a page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial you will use Box to build a hero section for a page and understand how to use some of its properties to:
- Orient your layout's direction.
- Control its contents' width.
- Add a background color.
- Affect the amount of spacing between each of its child elements.
```

At the end of this tutorial, you will have built this:

<Box width="large">
  <Image src="/learnImages/box-model-part-one/box-model-final.png" />
</Box>

## Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer: should they also know about the Grommet component and `hpe` theme?

This tutorial can be completed by following the steps below but introductory knowledge of [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html) will help ensure the details of the syntax and concepts make sense.

## Getting started

Let’s get started. Use this [CodeSandbox template](https://codesandbox.io/s/hpe-design-system-tutorial-starter-be7kse?file=/src/App.js) as a starter.

First, add the Box to your project by importing it from Grommet and add some placeholder text like “Hello world.”

```
import { Box, Grommet } from 'grommet';
import { hpe } from 'grommet-theme-hpe';
...
return (

>     <Grommet theme={hpe} full="min">

Reviewer: should we add comments to explain `full='min"`

Reviewer: I would agree on adding a code comment

	    <Box>Hello world</Box>
    </Grommet>
)
```

## Add hero section content

Now, you'll add the content within the Box. Start by importing Button, Heading, Image, and Text.

```
import { Box, Button, Heading, Image, Text } from 'grommet';
```

Delete the placeholder “Hello world” and add in the following content as children of the Box.

To learn more about the properties applied to these components, check out the API docs for [Heading](https://v2.grommet.io/heading), [Text](https://v2.grommet.io/text), and [Button](https://v2.grommet.io/button).

```
...
<Box>
  <Heading margin="none">
    New HPE ProLiant Servers Engineered for your Hybrid World
  </Heading>
  <Text size="xlarge">
    With a cloud operating experience, built-in security, and optimized
    performance for your workloads to drive your business forward.

>   </Text>

Author: Good catch.

  <Button label="Learn more" kind="cta-primary" />
  <Image src="https://www.insight.com/content/insight-web/en_US/shop/partner/hewlett-packard-enterprise/product-portfolio/servers/jcr%3Acontent/top-inner-full-width/column_layout/-column-1/image_0.img.jpg/1566699651505.jpg" />
</Box>
...
```

At this point, your project should look something like this:

<Box width="large">
  <Image src="/learnImages/box-model-part-one/step-1.png" />
</Box>

## Use direction to affect content layout

Now, we’d like to adjust the layout direction of the content in the Box. To do so, apply `direction="row"` to the Box. By default, the layout direction of Box is “column”.

```
...
<Box direction="row">
  <Heading margin="none">
...
```

> Notice how all the content is displayed in a row because each element was a direct child of the Box we added `direction` property to. However, we would like the heading, text, and button to be grouped and displayed in a column. To do so, wrap these elements in a Box of their own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice how the content is displayed in a row from left to right. That is because each element was a direct child of the Box to which we added the `direction` property. However, we would like the heading, paragraph, and button to be grouped and displayed in a column. To do so, wrap these elements in a Box of their own.
```

```
<Box direction="row">
  <Box>
    <Heading margin="none">
      New HPE ProLiant Servers Engineered for your Hybrid World
    </Heading>

>     <Text size="xlarge">

Reviewer 2: Paragraph

      With a cloud operating experience, built-in security, and optimized
      performance for your workloads to drive your business forward.
    </Text>
    <Button label="Learn more" kind="cta-primary" />
  </Box>
  <Image src="https://www.insight.com/content/insight-web/en_US/shop/partner/hewlett-packard-enterprise/product-portfolio/servers/jcr%3Acontent/top-inner-full-width/column_layout/-column-1/image_0.img.jpg/1566699651505.jpg" />
</Box>
```

> Now, the image and the Box containing the heading, text, and button are the only two direct children of the container Box, so only those elements are displayed in a row. For any content that we wanted to display in a column, we had to group it in its own Box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, the image and the Box containing the heading, text, and button are the only direct children of the container Box, so only those two elements are displayed in a row. For any content we wanted displayed in a column, we had to group it in its own Box.
```

At this point, your project should look like this:

<Box width="large">
  <Image src="/learnImages/box-model-part-one/step-2.png" />
</Box>

## Use Box to manage an image's width

Right now, the dimensions of the image file are determining how wide it is. In order to have more control of the image’s width, wrap the image in its own Box.

```
...
<Box>
  <Image src="https://www.insight.com/content/insight-web/en_US/shop/partner/hewlett-packard-enterprise/product-portfolio/servers/jcr%3Acontent/top-inner-full-width/column_layout/-column-1/image_0.img.jpg/1566699651505.jpg" />
</Box>
...
```

> ## Adjust width to manage content dimensions

Reviewer 2: "Explanation" is the Diataxis place for these concepts to be presented and discussed.

> ## Adjust width to manage content dimensions

Author: Yes, it's hard not to veer into explanation mode -- let's create a running list somewhere of topics we'd like to write explanations on and remember to cross-link from the appropriate tutorials/guides.

> ## Adjust width to manage content dimensions

Author: Yes, we should create a Wiki somewhere or PR template with reviewer checklist.

> ## Adjust width to manage content dimensions

Author: Created a Wiki page: https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/wiki/Documentation-success-criteria

> ## Adjust width to manage content dimensions

Author: Added it as a bullet item on this issue: https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/issues/3004

```
<Box direction="row">
  <Box width="large">
    <Heading margin="none">
      New HPE ProLiant Servers Engineered for your Hybrid World
    </Heading>
    <Text size="xlarge">
      With a cloud operating experience, built-in security, and optimized
      performance for your workloads to drive your business forward.
    </Text>
    <Button alignSelf="start" label="Learn more" kind="cta-primary" />
  </Box>
  <Box>
    <Image src="https://www.insight.com/content/insight-web/en_US/shop/partner/hewlett-packard-enterprise/product-portfolio/servers/jcr%3Acontent/top-inner-full-width/column_layout/-column-1/image_0.img.jpg/1566699651505.jpg" />
  </Box>
</Box>
```

Note: Throughout this tutorial, we’ll be using t-shirt sizes. Make sure to read the [explanation on t-shirt sizes](/foundation/tshirt-sizing) for more information on what they are and their value in Grommet.

At this point, your project should look something like this:

<Box width="large">

>   <Image src="/learnImages/box-model-part-one/step-3.png" />

Author: Sounds good, we can adjust the screenshot to be cropped.

>   <Image src="/learnImages/box-model-part-one/step-3.png" />

Author: Yes good thought, I've been debating how to may this scalable as we create theme changes overtime, etc.

</Box>

## Add a background color and pad

Now, let’s add a background color to the hero section by adding `background="background-contrast"` to the outer Box. We also want some space added between the edge of the outer Box and the content. To do so, add `pad="large"` to the outer Box.

> Remember that `pad` (equivalent to CSS padding) applies space _inside_ of a given container while `margin` applies space **\*\*\***outside**\*\*\*** of a given container.

Reviewer: what were you trying to highlight here? `**\*\*\***outside**\*\*\*** `
should it just be _outside_ or were you trying to bold?

Author: Thanks for catching, seems like markdown mistranslated.

```
<Box direction="row" background="background-contrast" pad="large">
  <Box width="large">
    <Heading margin="none">
      New HPE ProLiant Servers Engineered for your Hybrid World
    </Heading>
    <Text size="xlarge">
      With a cloud operating experience, built-in security, and optimized
      performance for your workloads to drive your business forward.
    </Text>
    <Button alignSelf="start" label="Learn more" kind="cta-primary" />
  </Box>
  <Box>
    <Image src="https://www.insight.com/content/insight-web/en_US/shop/partner/hewlett-packard-enterprise/product-portfolio/servers/jcr%3Acontent/top-inner-full-width/column_layout/-column-1/image_0.img.jpg/1566699651505.jpg" />
  </Box>
</Box>
```

> At this point, your project should look something like this. We’re getting closer, but we’re missing the space between the various content elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point, your project should look something like this. We’re getting closer, but we’re missing spacing between the various content elements, such as the space between heading and paragraph, paragraph and CTA button, and text and image.
```

<Box width="large">
  <Image src="/learnImages/box-model-part-one/step-3.png" />
</Box>

## Use gap to add space between elements

Now, let’s add the spacing between elements. Whenever space is needed between elements, use `gap` on the parent Box of those elements. To add space between the image and the grouped content, add `gap="large"` to the outer Box.

```

> <Box direction="row" background="background-contrast" pad="large">

Reviewer: curious if we should also add `gap` to the parent Box to show the gap being applied `width` wise as well as `height` below

> <Box direction="row" background="background-contrast" pad="large">

Reviewer 2: This code block is out of sync with the tutorial step. Missing the "gap" on the parent box.

Related to `<Example />` vs. images, hosting the code within a repository would keep these in sync. Instead of having to update this .mdx, we just point to the file on the repo.
